<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="C_Troubleshooting">
    <title>Troubleshooting</title>
    <shortdesc>This list provides some general debugging information.</shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <author>Sridevi</author>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm>Marvel general troubleshooting<indexterm>Marvel
                    prerequisites</indexterm></indexterm>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <conbody>
        <p>
            <ol id="ol_x4f_tbz_xxb">
                <li>
                    <p>When you start the Marvel Run Portal be sure that you direct the output into
                        a local log file where you can examine it. The log file often contains
                        useful information. Examine it when you have a problem, and be prepared to
                        answer questions about it when you talk to a support person.</p>
                </li>
                <li>If the Marvel Run Portal appears to have started correctly (which you can
                    determine from the log file), try running<cmdname> lmstat ‐a </cmdname>and
                    lmdiag to see if that program has the same problem as your application.</li>
                <li>If your application is version 1.0, you can use the
                        <cmdname>Marvel_DIAGNOSTICS</cmdname> environment variable. Set
                        <cmdname>Marvel_DIAGNOSTICS</cmdname> to 1, 2, or 3. A setting of 3 gives
                    more information than 2, 2 gives more information than 1 (in particular, the
                    feature name that was denied).</li>
                <li>
                    <p>When you talk to a support person, be prepared with answers to the following
                        questions:</p>
                    <ul id="ul_af5_4cz_xxb">
                        <li>What kind of system is your license server running on?</li>
                        <li>
                            <p>What version of the operating system?</p>
                        </li>
                        <li>
                            <p>What system and operating system is the application running on?</p>
                        </li>
                        <li>
                            <p>What version of Marvel Run Portal is in use?</p>
                        </li>
                        <li>
                            <p>What error or warning messages appear in the log file?</p>
                        </li>
                        <li>
                            <p>Did the server start correctly? Look for a message such as:
                                    <codeph>server xyz started for: feature1 feature2</codeph></p>
                        </li>
                        <li>
                            <p>What is the output from running <cmdname>lmstat ‐a</cmdname>?</p>
                        </li>
                        <li>
                            <p>Are you using a combined license file or separate license files?</p>
                        </li>
                        <li>
                            <p>Are you using three-server redundancy (i.e., there are multiple
                                SERVER lines in your license file)?</p>
                        </li>
                    </ul>
                </li>
            </ol>
        </p>
    </conbody>
</concept>
