<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="TO_Commons">
    <title>Notices</title>
    <conbody>
        <p>This information was developed for products and services offered in the U.S.A. IBM may
            not offer the products, services, or features discussed in this document in other
            countries. Consult your local IBM representative for information on the products and
            services currently available in your area. Any reference to an IBM product, program, or
            service is not intended to state or imply that only that IBM product, program, or
            service may be used. Any functionally equivalent product, program, or service that does
            not infringe any IBM intellectual property right may be used instead. However, it is the
            user's responsibility to evaluate and verify the operation of any non-IBM product,
            program, or service. IBM may have patents or pending patent applications covering
            subject matter described in this document. The furnishing of this document does not give
            you any license to these patents. You can send license inquiries, in writing, to: IBM
            Director of Licensing</p>
        <p>IBM Corporation</p>
        <p>North Castle Drive</p>
        <p>Armonk, NY 10504-1785 U.S.A.</p>
        <p>For license inquiries regarding double-byte (DBCS) information, contact the IBM
            Intellectual Property Department in your country or send inquiries, in writing, to:
            Intellectual Property Licensing Legal and Intellectual Property Law </p>
        <p>IBM Japan, Ltd.</p>
        <p>19-21, Nihonbashi-Hakozakicho, Chuo-ku</p>
        <p>Tokyo 103-8510, Japan</p>
        <p>The following paragraph does not apply to the United Kingdom or any other</p>
        <p>country where such provisions are inconsistent with local law :</p>
        <p>INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION PROVIDES THIS PUBLICATION "AS IS" WITHOUT
            WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
            IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
            PURPOSE.</p>
        <p>Some states do not allow disclaimer of express or implied warranties in certain
            transactions, therefore, this statement might not apply to you. This information could
            include technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. Changes are periodically made to
            the information herein; these changes will be incorporated in new editions of the
            publication. IBM may make improvements and/or changes in the product(s) and/or the
            program(s) described in this publication at any time without notice.</p>
        <p>Any references in this information to non-IBM Web sites are provided for convenience only
            and do not in any manner serve as an endorsement of those Web sites. The materials at
            those Web sites are not part of the materials for this IBM product and use of those Web
            sites is at your own risk.</p>
    </conbody>
</concept>
