<!DOCTYPE html
  SYSTEM "about:legacy-compat">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
   
   <head>
      
      
      <meta name="copyright" content="(C) Copyright 2024" />
      
      <meta name="DC.rights.owner" content="(C) Copyright 2024" />
      
      <meta name="generator" content="DITA-OT" />
      <meta name="DC.type" content="topic" />
      
      <meta name="DC.title" content="Foreword" />
      
      <meta name="DC.subject" content="Foreward, Preface" />
      
      <meta name="keywords" content="Foreward, Preface" />
      
      <meta name="DC.creator" content="Abrar Ahmed Syed" />
      
      <meta name="DC.format" content="XHTML" />
      
      <meta name="DC.identifier" content="preface" />
      
      <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../commonltr.css" />
      
      <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../epubStyles.css" />
      
      <title>Foreword</title>
      </head>
   
   <body id="preface">
      
      
      <h1 class="title topictitle1">Foreword</h1>
      
      
      <div class="body">
         
         <p class="p">Welcome to the Marvel Monitoring Enterprise Portal User's Guide. This document is
            designed to provide with comprehensive information about the Marvel Enterprise
            Portal features for effectively working with your Marvel Monitoring products. Whether
            you are a new user or seeking to enhance your understanding of the portal, this guide
            will serve as a valuable resource.</p>
         
         
         <p class="p">To make the most of this guide, it is recommended that users have a basic familiarity
            with performance monitoring concepts. This foundational knowledge will enable you
            to
            grasp the concepts and functionalities discussed throughout the document, empowering
            you
            to leverage the full potential of the Marvel Monitoring Enterprise Portal.</p>
         
         
         <p class="p">If you are utilizing the Marvel Data Warehouse, it is important to note that familiarity
            with the operating system hosting the warehouse is necessary. Understanding the
            operating system will facilitate a deeper comprehension of the integration between
            the
            Marvel Monitoring products and the warehouse.</p>
         
         
         <p class="p">It is worth emphasizing that this user's guide is tailored for individuals with no
            prior
            experience using Marvel Monitoring. The document has been structured to provide clear
            and concise explanations, ensuring that users can easily follow along and apply the
            information to their specific monitoring needs.</p>
         
         
         <p class="p">By leveraging the insights and instructions outlined in this guide, you will gain
            a
            comprehensive understanding of the Marvel Enterprise Portal features and how they
            can be
            effectively utilized in conjunction with your Marvel Monitoring products. We encourage
            you to explore the various sections of this document, acquaint yourself with the
            portal's capabilities, and harness its power to enhance your performance monitoring
            processes.</p>
         
         
         <p class="p">Thank you for choosing the Marvel Monitoring Enterprise Portal User's Guide. We are
            confident that it will equip you with the necessary knowledge and skills to maximize
            the
            value and potential of your Marvel Monitoring products.</p>
         
         </div>
      
      </body>
   </html>